Chantry System

Leliana: You are not religious, yes? You do not believe?
Wynne:   I do, to some extent. It does not govern my life, however. Why do you ask?
Leliana: Oh, nothing. You are just a very good person, and it shows, and I thought at first you were religious, like
         some of the revered mothers. But no, I thought about it and I realized that you are not.
Wynne:   I do what I do because I enjoy it; because I enjoy teaching others, helping them. I do not seek recognition for
         my works. I do not seek the approval of my peers, nor the approval of a distant god.
Leliana: That is admirable, doing good for its own sake. Some I knew were not like that. They bragged about what they
         did, trying to impress others. "Oh, Lady Adele, you fed and clothed twenty orphans, how noble!" "No, no, it is
         nothing, Lady Clarabelle. You treated forty lepers, and gave them massages!" Like a competition, with false
         modesty. Sickening.
Wynne:   Er, did Lady Clarabelle really give forty lepers massages?
Leliana: Who knows. Lady Clarabelle had strange tastes. I wouldn't be surprised if she did that, and more.

 - 9:30 Dragon


So the Chantry consists of several different arms that all operate in different capacities and have different attributes
and strengths depending on the Crown laws and Chantry authority. In general, the Chantry will operate as the Catholic
Church in terms of cardinals and such, with only a few lore alterations, but the Divine will have special interactions
with the world via her chantry arms:

	The Templars
	When the Chantry Authority is low, the Templars are just a body of soldiers that specialise in
	policing mages, and are subservient to the state and the Grand Cleric of the region. They will
	hunt rogue mages and malificar and kill them if they are violent, but otherwise take them to the
	circle for the mages to deal with. As the Chantry Authority gets higher, Templars have more and
	more rights, and will take more liberties with their actions. At High level, they are autonomous
	essentially, being able to just say "No." to all requests from their betters that they don't agree
	with. This leads to them taking on a political scope and having to deal with Mages in a harsher
	manner. Templars are stationed locally, and can be given or lose all baronies apart from their
	headquarters - if they lose this, the Grand Cleric will requisition one from a willing baron
	within the realm. The Grand Cleric or Templar Commander will also always try to acquire the Templar
	barony next to the Circle whenever possible. Templars link into events primarily, but in the event
	of a political Templars global modifier, or a Chantry Civil War, they can raise armies.

	The Circle of Magi
	Generally these guys are just a hub for all chantry approved mages. They will sit around in their
	towers and generate a few characters every now and again to be used for player events, or recruited
	by grey wardens, ect. The Head Enchanter will interact with other Head Enchanters, the King, the
	Grand Cleric and such, but otherwise the circle is where nobles send their mage kids to rot. In
	the event of a Libertarian mage becoming a head enchanter, and conditions in the realm of that
	circle be bad enough, the mages can plot for independence - which can trigger an annulment
	or the Mage-Templar War event line.

	The Seekers
	Handpicked Templars and associates, the Seekers are used as the Templar Police Force and the
	intelligence arm of the Chantry. Seekers are handpicked for their intrigue and combat ability from
	the ranks of the Templars, and are used rarely in events regarding players. Generally they are just
	a prestigious role for a dynasty member.
	
	The Inquisition
	Better leave this one till DA:I comes out.
