ISSUE SYSTEM:

Alistair: Let me guess: that's your final answer?
Meredith: Three mages have fled to Ferelden, and you have intervened to protect them as if it is your right to do so.
Meredith: What other answer did you expect, your Majesty?
Alistair: A "maybe" might have been nice.
- 9:37 Dragon


A smaller system that is designed to throw more 'choices' at leaders in order to improve emergent storytelling.
The world isn't the same at all times, not all events and decisions are based upon the plotting of people:
sometimes it's a case of natural events that need to be responded to. The consequences and situations around
these issues effect and shape politics, as Kings are beseiged with requests for aide, and faction leaders are
humiliated for backing a certain change. Smaller lords may find themselves on the frontline of the issue, or
be completely bypassed by it. These events emerge organically, percentage chances from smaller ones that snowball
into bigger issues that have to be resolved, in decisions that may not make everyone happy. Implimentation would
work largely through event chains and national modifiers.

I want the kind of quiet chaos from Dwarf Fortress to be implimented here. Throw more random situations into
the mix without making it always overwhelming, and the world will feel more organic and real.


There is no giant block of text that describes how each aspect will be used, it's a simple enough concept;
instead here are some example ideas of what sort of things could be cooked up:

  A series of large darkspawn raids on the Orlesians in the Dales is ignored by the crown, resulting in the
  Grey Wardens stepping up to respond. Jealous nobles grow suspicious of Warden influence.
  
  The case of an elven slave highlights the extensive private dealings of some Ferelden banns in regards
  to the slave trade. Enemies of the practice try to start a manhunt to find and punish the practicioners,
  but their zeal is called into question.
  
  Templar overvigilance is causing problems with the mages, who are appealing to powers outsight the chantry
  to exercise their power in support. The Chantry tussles with nations to prevent their active involvement in
  the affair.
  
  A large foreign mercenary company has gone rogue on a banns lands after he failed to pay them for five years
  of service. The chaos is spreading to neighbouring lands and calls are going up for intervention.
  

Stuff like that, the general formula is:

Someone makes a mistake / Does something illegal / Cannot deal with their own issues
The damage spreads to more lords, and those lords try to deal with it.
If not stopped, it keeps spreading to critical mass, and becomes a national issue.
Big powers have to deal with the issue in a variety of ways, none of them being the 'best' option on paper.
The issue is resolved, at a pace and manner dependant on the choices chosen.

