Provincial System


(About Loghain's thoughts on the occupation of Ferelden) "Hate doesn't describe it, I see painted masked lords beat an
old farmer to death with riding crops. To this day I don't know why, is that hate? I saw good sensible men fighting
armored Chevaliers with nothing! No weapon, no armies, not even hope of success to see the occupation end, is that hate?"
  - Teyrn Loghain, 9:31 Dragon


Any Kingdom may transform itself into an Empire, like Orlais or Tevinter. To do so requires an expansionist King with
support at home to unlock a special casus belli that allows them to conquer another Kingdom whole and cleanly. The
mount up to this war gives the defending realm a warning before the major war begins, and a chance to ask for assistance.
It also gives the attacking realm a chance to prepare: picking a character to nominate as the new Provincial King should
they win. Finally, it engages intra-political alliances to spawn, so nobles in the defending realm can promise to aid
the attackers. Upon winning the war, the attacking Kingdom becomes an Empire, and the defending Kingdom is given to the
nominated successor. This has three key effects:

	Provincial Landsmeet
	As a subject nation, the local nobility are forced to pay homage to their new lord or raise
	their armies in rebellion at a later date. The scales are tipped firmly into the crowns lap
	as he has his sponsor Empire to support him, and so long as that support is visible and
	exercised it remains in play. Should this Provincial lord grow too weak, the nobles begin
	to focus on rebellion and events push the two sides apart - should the Provincial lord lose
	support of his sponsor Empire and it's Legions, a civil war is assured. Should the
	Provincial lord grow very powerful, and pacify the local nobility, the realm is transferred
	into a true provincial state, with appointed governors - a la Tevinter. This represents
	a general and accepted subjection, and the locals are no longer encouraged to rebel by the
	system, but may still do so later.

	Provincial Issues
	The Landsmeet covers most of the issues in the form of the nobility, but an occupying nation
	can find itself in over it's head by occupying a weaker state. In a situation like this,
	the Subject King has to deal with a larger number of issues (such as revolts) relating to the
	occupation, and if they cannot be dealt with they will ask for assistance from the Empire.
	This assistance is expensive and time consuming, and so the Empire must constantly balance
	the expectations of Empire against the gains made from having so many vassal provinces. In
	that vein, an Empire must also deal with issues in regards to infrastructure and organisation
	due to being a massive Empire that takes weeks to cross.

	Provincial Implications
	There will be a system specially dedicated to Free Marchers gathering together, defending realms
	asking for support, that allows the weak to defend effectively against the strong. Once one
	declares itself an Empire, it warrants that response in ALL other regional independent states.
	If Orlais conquers Ferelden, then makes a move towards Navarre, then Navarre is going to
	be able to gather much more support than otherwise due to the perceived threat of Orlais. This
	system will result in a similar AI response to the Blight, where otherwise disparate groups
	will be pushed together against their common foe - making blobbing much more difficult to
	achieve.
