Stronghold System

"It seems like every province will include a fortress or two, and one of your main objectives when you arrive in new
territory will be to claim an Inquisition stronghold. The presentation suggested that this will involve a range of side
objectives - poisoning water supplies, etc - followed by a brief siege. Once you've captured a fortress, it'll change to
reflect Inquisition ownership and the kind of outpost you want it to be... Taking a fortress then gives you access to a
strategic metagame where you spend Inquisition agents to affect change in the world. The ones we were shown involved
rebuilding monuments, opening paths to new areas, and establishing resource-gathering buildings to help with your crafting
and alchemy."
  - Dragon Age Inquisition - PC Gamer Preview
  http://www.pcgamer.com/previews/dragon-age-inquisition-preview/


Perhaps the lowest priority of any of these systems, but something I would love to aim for anyway. Many times in the Dragon
Age universe, a political group will not fit cleanly into the Feudal or Commercial heirachies. Take the Mages in 9:40, who
abandon their circles and assemble at the ruined fortress of Andoral's Reach. In normal mechanics it would be difficult to
pull off, and in the future we'll have similar problems with Inquisition. My proposal is that we create a layer of 
abandoned regions and fortifications within them that are not inhabited by anyone. They can't be CB'd, they can only be
occupied through event, similar to the GoT Colonisation - but the aim here isn't permenant conquest, these are always just
going to be bases that serve someone briefly. Cults, Mercenaries and npcs in event chains will be able to take these areas
and rebuild them/improve them to the aim of something.

So for example, if there is a Mage Templar War, then both sides and the Inquisition may send expeditions to claim areas. If
there is a blight, the Wardens may also seek to occupy these locations. If no-one is occupying them, they become open to
smaller groups taking advantage of them for their own little means, and these groups can be driven out by lords, or
targetted by their neighbours. If one of these places is taken by anyone, it will gradually degrade and become abandoned again as
it's strategic worth runs out, and it will revert to a ruin.
