*** CHALKFACE ***

CLEARLY A DRAFT, WILL NOT WORK INGAME AT ALL!
1. is event number (1.) means GOTO that event
- means remove, + means add

namespace = Darkspawn


DARKSPAWN RAID DEAL WITH = (

1. Darkspawn raids are burning villages on the outskirts of our demense, and the freeholders are calling
for you to defend them.

			I will deal with them.	 75% (2.) 25% (3.)
			Send the Marshal to deal with them! 75% (18.) 25% (19.)
			Find me some sellswords to clean them out. (10.)
			This is not my problem, close the gates and wait out the storm. -Raid +Host !END!


2. With some losses, the darkspawn raiders have been cut down. The peasants praise your valour at arms!

			Excellent!	+25 prestige, Opinion Boosting Modifier, -Raid !END!


3. Black darts fly through the sky above you, and the retainer beside you collapses as a wicked blade
lances through her shoulder. The darkspawn are in much greater numbers than was reported, and the battle
goes poorly.

	bzrkr/wrth	DEATH DEATH DEAAATTHHHHH!!!	50%: (Death) 25%: (4.) 15%: (5.) 10% (6.) 
			Rally to me, RALLY TO ME!	75%: (Death) 5%: (5.) 20%: (6.)
			RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!		25%: (Death) 70%: (7.)
	mage		Unleash Hell.			25%: (Death) 75%: (8.)


4. The world turns red as you smash your way through the darkspawn forces, unaware of anything else around
you. The hammering of blows and the desperate thudding of your heart is all that can be heard, even the
thunder of battle fading away. Suddenly before you stands the Emissary, staff raised and perhaps even
a hint of fear in it's eyes. Your violent tide washes the creature aside, and before long you stand alone
upon a field of blood and gore. Victory, for a moment, before the effect of the Emissaries dying spell
finally takes its toll and you collapse to the ground.

	Dying in an Orgy of destruction. The Dwarves would be proud. (Death: 'Died Fighting Darkspawn')
									(-Raid) !END!


5. Despite the horrendous odds, your leadership allows your remaining retinue to rally and hold their
ground. As their numbers finally thin, one of your men emerges with the head of the Emissary lifted aloft,
and the Darkspawn are broken. You are too exhausted to do more than order a pursuit, but your men find
strength enough to cheer your name. The battle is won.

	A well fought victory.	(Remove Coward, 75% Brave, +25 Prestige) Remove Raid !END!


6. The line disintegrates around you, and your men are soon in full rout from the raiders. Soon you are
racing alongside them, desperate to make your escape. The raiders have won a victory, and their cries
send shivers through your spine even as they fade far behind the remnants of your host.

	Such a disaster!	(-25 prestige) Remove Raid, add Host.


7. All is lost, all is lost! You charge back towards camp, as your men form a rough rear guard against
the encroaching enemy. Mounting your horse, you flee without regard for your men and reach the safety of
your castle before news of the massacre makes it back.

	It was horrible, I had no choice but to run!	(50% Coward, -25 prestige) Remove Raid, add Host.


8. Pausing but a moment to concentrate, you summon all the magical energies you can and unleash them upon
the advancing darkspawn. The shrieks of suprise can be heard even above the thunder of battle, as you begin
arcing fire over the heads of your guard. Their Emissary rises to the challenge, responding to your show
with a display of lighning, but your duel is brief. Within minutes, a rain of molten rock and the
annihilation of their leader sends the raiding party into full retreat.

	Blight there would not be, if all were magi like me... (25 prestige, reveal secret magi) Remove Raid.


10. Bann calls for merc aid vs horde.

	Yes.	(Lots of reasons.) 11.
	No.	(Other reasons.) 12. +temp modifier 'already checked for darkspawn raid event'


11. The sellswords have arrived, led by [Company Leader Name], and are ready to march out and deal with the
raiders immediately. They are asking for half the fee before advance, and half upon completion.
	
	Good! Send them out immediately. 90% (13.) 10% (14.) modified (-cash%)
	Wait, how much did they want? (15.)


12. HIDDEN EVENT - DO PREVIOUS CHECK AGAIN, MINUS 'YOU CHECKED US' MODIFIER ONES

	OKAY. (10.)
	NONE FOUND? (16.)


13. Reports from the battle are good! It seems that our coin has won us a victory, and the mercenaries have
cleared our land of the Darkspawn. They are happy to leave our lands immediately upon receiving payment.

	See to it, they have earnt their coin! (-cash%) -Raid !END!
	Actually... no. I am not paying. (15.) -Raid
	Maker no! We can't afford this! (17.) -Raid


14. Terrible news, the mercenary company was butchered!

	What a waste of my coin! (-Raid +Horde) !END!


15. Looking out over the small camp just ouside your walls, you listen as the Mercenary Leader slams [his]
fist angrily on the table and demands the payment [he] was promised. "If you do not pay us", [he] snarls, "we
will have to use our own ways of taking what is owed from your lands. And we can be much worse than any
Darkspawn raider!"

	Fine. We'll pay him anyway. (-cash%)
	No is no, we are not paying your rediculous fee! (+unpaid mercenaries) (+Unreliable) !END!


16. We couldn't find anyone to hire, we'll have to deal with this ourselves!

	I will deal with them.	 75% (2.) 25% (3.)
	Send the Marshal to deal with them! 75% (18.) 25% (19.)
	This is not my problem, close the gates and wait out the storm. -Raid +Host !END!


17. I have no idea what this event would do. Come back to this!

	Wow, okay. Lazy. !END!


18. Our Marshal returns victorious, laying before your feet the head of the pack leader.

	Fantastic! Lavish him with honours! (Marshal +50 prestige) -raid !END!
	Good work that man.  (Marshal +25 prestige) -raid !END!


19. Terrible news has arrived my lord! Your Marshal lies dead, and the darkspawn raiding party is growing
in size off their victory.

	Damn! (Marshal dies: message 'Died fighting Darkspawn')  -Raid + Host !end!

)
